Add link to Infopath 2013 client support lifecycle (#3189)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/what-s-new/what-s-deprecated-or-removed-from-SharePoint-Server-2019.md

As we announced in the Microsoft 365 blog, InfoPath Services is a deprecated feature and customers are advised to explore alternatives for this feature. InfoPath Services will remain supported, but deprecated, for the SharePoint Server 2019 release.

> There will not be a new InfoPath client shipped with this release. Microsoft will ensure that the InfoPath 2013 client will work with SharePoint Server 2019 for the remainder of the [client support lifecycle](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/products/infopath-2013) (2026). InfoPath 2013 client will not be supported beyond that timeframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will not be a new InfoPath client shipped with this release. Microsoft will ensure that the InfoPath 2013 client will work with SharePoint Server 2019 for the remainder of the [client support lifecycle](/lifecycle/products/infopath-2013) (2026). InfoPath 2013 clients will not be supported beyond that timeframe.
```
